
h1. The Flash SDK Sprout Gem

h3. Installation

# "Install Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/ _(>= v 1.8.7)_
# "Install RubyGems":http://rubyforge.org/frs/?group_id=126 _(>= v 1.3.6)_
# Install the Flash SDK prerelease gem:

  <pre><code>gem install flashsdk --pre</code></pre>

h3. Getting Started

Open a terminal and enter the following commands:

Create a new ActionScript 3 project and move into it:

  <pre><code>sprout-as3 SomeProject
  cd SomeProject</code></pre>


Resolve all dependencies, compile and launch the SWF:

  <pre><code>rake</code></pre>

Generate a new class, test case and test suite:

  <pre><code>sprout-class utils.MathUtil</code></pre>

Compile and launch the test harness:

  <pre><code>rake test</code></pre>

Compile a SWC file:

  <pre><code>rake swc</code></pre>

Generate documentation using "AsDoc":http://labs.adobe.com/wiki/index.php/ASDoc:

  <pre><code>rake asdoc</code></pre>

Execute the test harness, emit a JUnit-compatible test results document, and close the Flash Player when complete or after encountering an uncaught exception:

  <pre><code>rake ci</code></pre>

Display all available Rake tasks:

  <pre><code>rake -T</code></pre>

h3. Some Links

* "Web Site":http://projectsprouts.org
* "See the Documentation":http://projectsprouts.org/rdoc
* "Meet the Community":http://groups.google.com/group/projectsprouts

h3. MIT License

<pre>
Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Pattern Park

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>
